# MovIt

Project web 3.0 that impulse the mobility through by play and move to earn, using NEAR protocol. 

**Features :**
1. User can adquire one or more pet digital (NFT) of type beginner.
2. User can obtain points completing challenges (off-chain).
3. User can transfer you pet digital (NFT).
4. User can obtain accesories to pet digital using our points.
5. User can buy one or more pet digital of the marketplace.**[out of scope]**
6. User can obtain points buying them with NEAR token.**[out of scope]**
7. User can obtain accesories buying them with NEAR token.**[out of scope]**
8. User can evolve your pet digital using our points.**[out of scope]**
9. User can send your pet digital to marketplace.**[out of scope]**
10. User can obtain points doing sports activities using an wereable as a intermediary.**[out of scope]**
11. User can to have a battle with oter pet digital.**[out of scope]**

In the present project only, will be development the features within scope.


# Disclaimer

This is a naive and incomplete implementation of some methods based on NFT Contract writed in RUST language, produced by the Team#9 (Renato De La Rosa) of the NEAR CERTIFIED DEVELOPER 25-04-2022 course, and for the sole purpose of completing the required course tasks.


# Motivation
The idea behind about this, Is that the user earns by playing and that the activities carried out in the physical world would to be rewarded and transferred into earnings, incentivizing mobility, lost during the pandemic.


# Concepts

**How it works?**
The user login with their NEAR account and selects an available pet (only beginner level). Then is converted into an NFT Token. By default the beginner level has all the functionalities locked, for unlocked this he has to gain points.

**How gain points?**
1. Completing the challenges presented on the platform.
2. Buying points using NEAR token (**is out of scope**).
3. Doing sports activities using an wereable device as a intermediary (**is out of scope**).

**How use the points?**
1. Buy accessories for your pet.
2. Evolve your pet (you must to complete a minimum of required points - **is out of scope**).

**Other Uses**
1. The user can transfer the NFT associated with your pet, whatelse of the level in which he (pet) is.
2. The user can put their NFT up for sale in a marketplace from the intermediate level. (**is out of scope**).


# Mockups
Please find the proposed frontend here: https://app.moqups.com/TPZmsuj0bIsBkkass8x3TOOFbNYJp5VZ/edit/page/a92d8c5f3

# Economy of points
1. Maximum points is limited of quantidade of users.
2. Points are recalculating by each new user.
3. Points are utilized when redeem them.

# Structures

``````markdown
```rust

/// The token ID type is also defined in the NEP
pub type TokenId = u64;
pub type AccountIdHash = Vec<u8>;
/// Points generated by the APP
pub type Points = u64;

// The diferent Abilities attributes for each pet
pub enum AbilitiesState {
    Force, // code: F
    IceResistent, // code: IR
    FireResistent, // code: FR
}

pub struct Pet {
    pub title: String,
	pub description: String,
	pub media : String,
	pub media_hash: String,
    pub extra: String
}

pub struct NonFungibleTokenBasic {
    pub token_to_account: UnorderedMap<TokenId, AccountId>,
    pub account_gives_access: UnorderedMap<AccountIdHash, UnorderedSet<AccountIdHash>>,
    pub owner_id: AccountId,
    pub token_to_pet: UnorderedMap<TokenId, Pet>,
    pub points_to_abilitie : UnorderedMap<Points,AbilitiesState> 
}

```
``````

# Methods

``````markdown
```rust
pub fn mint_token(&mut self, owner_id: String, token_id: TokenId) 
```
`````` 
method for mint an NFT

``````markdown
```rust
pub fn get_token_meta(&self, token_id: TokenId) 
```
`````` 
method to show the metadata of a NFT
``````markdown
```rust
pub fn update_token(&mut self, _owner_id: String, token_id: TokenId, ability : String) 
```
`````` 
method for add an ability to a NFT











